[ELEC2811] Add summary (#642)
Gp2mv3/Syntheses: src/q7/instrusensors-ELEC2811/summary/L3/noise&calibration.tex

> \section{Noise and calibration}

Reviewer: This is a dangerous file name. I would prefer if is was named "noise_and_calibration.tex"

\section{Noise and calibration}

\subsection{Noise in sensor systems}

Noise come from non-idealities of a signal that show
a strong temporal dependency.

Noise is \textbf{NOT} :
offset/gain error, saturation, component mismatch,

> transfer function non linearity,\dots. A default specification is to keep the noise level below the value of the least significant bit (\SI{40}{\micro V} for \SI{2.5}{V} output converted by a 16 bits ADC).

Reviewer 2: nonlinearity*

Author: ```suggestion
transfer function nonlinearity,\dots. A default specification is to keep the noise level below the value of the least significant bit (\SI{40}{\micro V} for \SI{2.5}{V} output converted by a 16 bits ADC).
```

> The noise can be classified according to the following criterium:

Reviewer 2: criteria* ?

Author: ```suggestion
The noise can be classified according to the following criteria:
```

\subsubsection{White/Thermal noise}

\begin{mydef}
White noise is an intrinsic random noise arising from the discrete
nature of electrical charges (random
Brownian motion of electrons). It is a random signal having equal intensity at different frequencies, giving it a constant power spectral density
\end{mydef}

The noise power in a resistor is given by: $\overline{e_n}^2 = 4k TR\Delta f$ [\si{V^2}]. It increases with the resistance, the temperature and $\Delta f$ the bandwidth over which the measurement is made. \textbf{The noise of multiple resistors add up.} (when they are expressed in \si{V^2}).

The same effect can be observed with semiconductors (junctions, BJT, MOSFET) and is called in this case the \textit{shot noise}. Finally it also appears when sampling a voltage on a capacitor, this is the \textit{kT/C noise}.

\subsubsection{Pink/Flicker noise}

\begin{mydef}
Pink noise is an intrinsic random noise appearing at low frequencies.
\end{mydef}

\begin{minipage}{0.5 \linewidth}

> Dominates usually below 100 Hz $\rightarrow$ critical for sensors. It is highly dependent on the quality of the semiconductor

Reviewer 2: Nobody ever uses `siunitx`... :'(

Author: Franchement, ça ne me choque pas quand je vois le rendu. Je me dis que ça ne sert à rien au moment où je ne saurais pas dire sur base du pdf si siunitx a été utilisé. Il y a un espace correct entre 100 et Hz, et Hz n'est pas en italique. =)
